[self-introduction](https://youtu.be/ZBC98edxjLc)


Hello, my name is Vlad, let me tell you a little about myself.
I love technology. Technology creates amazing things. Sometimes scary, but amazing. I started to get interested in IT about 5 months ago when I started learning layout with css and html on my own. After a couple of months, when it was time to start learning JavaScript, I find the RollingScopes school, which had a lot of good reviews, but also warnings that it was difficult to study in it. Just a couple of days later, stage1 began. Firstly, I had doubts whether I would be able to learn, the statistics of learning in IT are not in favor of students. And at the start of stage1, you need basic knowledge of Javascript, which I had not enough at first. But studying has dragged me down, I devote most of my time to it, and the more difficult the task was, the happier it is when something works out. I am excited by the sense of creation associated with programming. Now, having completed the final task stage1, I know that learning for me is only a matter of time. Previously, I studied for 8 years 6 days a week and combined it with work, I seem to have learned to love difficulties. Of course, it can be hard for me, but my perseverance and understanding of where I want to be and what to do in 2-5-10 years comes into play, only this matters. I discovered the Geek in myself.
My last and largest work is the final task stage1, where it was required to write a minesweeper game. At first, looking at the task, I thought that I would not implement some of the features, it seemed too difficult. But I started doing point by point, and everything worked out. There were many difficulties along the way, and the final solutions are probably not perfect, but they are mine and it works! With this task, I began to learn how to decompose a large task into small ones and try to predict the further development of the application. Unfortunately, this didn’t always work out, each next feature required rewriting part of the previous functionality, and the initial decisions, perhaps controversial, but on which the entire project was built, limited the choice of new steps and required me to take into account my own “legacy code”. If I started over, I would do a lot of things another way, for example, I would use classes to create a field and save all states about it (now the entire state of the field is stored in the DOM).
Like everyone else, I hope that on stage 2 I will have a mentor who can prompt and guide me in my learning. But with or without a mentor, I plan to graduate.
If you do not refuse me, we will go through all this together, it will be fun. Someday, we, already old, sitting near the sea, will watch this video and laughing. Thank for your attention!